change samplesheet from large testdataset to reduced (#348)
nf-core/funcscan: CHANGELOG.md

### `Fixed`

> - [#348](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/348) Updated config files samplesheet to 'samplesheet_reduced.csv' to reduce resource consumption. (by @darcy220606)
> - [#348](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/348) Updated prodigal module to fix pigz issue. (by @darcy220606)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#348](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/348) Updated samplesheet for pipeline tests to 'samplesheet_reduced.csv' with smaller datasets to reduce resource consumption. Updated prodigal module to fix pigz issue. (by @darcy220606)
```
Maybe like this to have it concise.
